for everyone from kitchen with us
adr parallel sleeves with eggplant paste
ingredients that we need for 4 servings are kilo of mussels 350 garmin e
eggplant
you are not a Parmesan cheese a sprig of parsley a clove of garlic a
chili pepper for what you have of flour
being 60 grams of half-sleeved pasta
which is virgin olive salt pepper
let's get eggplant ready
remove the peduncle
leather goods or partially
those hair clippers nos pound 7 8 mm
spain but not with pasta
We go up slightly new to lose the vegetation water that would result
bitter
how to do this I call a dish
is a text
how to eliminate all libya
batman to prepare the mussels so we stay in a saucepan if
add a little bit of water
such we leave April
as soon as things are there for you, let the text cool you down
shelled pain all the mussels dress over the cooking water
let's put the part
we pay attention to not
reading bands not even residence
what can we not having the proof of the cook to cook the pasta
go and prepare aubergines
I must have dried them we will cut the stick
sebastian jesolo burundi where you go to the middle
at this point we can fry the aubergines
therefore to be paid is heated a pan with extra virgin olive oil bay
lightly flour the sticks
so let's stay in the boiling oil
let her dress in the back
Call
they are missing only purchased with money that text idea
I just prepared it. dialogue between pasta
page distal to the collection penalty
if we are in short sleeves
paparoni let cook
in your hands preparing the sauce
and I love you the pan on the fire we add a little oil
let's leave the garlic clove alone
Dainese elastic force golden pasteur comes chilli
half of the parsley
sauces zodiac sign of race
what we do what i am
farfesh
this world is that youtube music
name history of pasta pasta cooking
but we are restricting part of mail 26
the cobra beats so let's turn on the sister let it be
the story mo
icy a ladle of pasta cooking water
I'm already fed up
this world is that the pastime attached thanks also the under the in
pasta we add to aubergines
Great Dane
thing. switch off
travian parmesan
we keep well
we are parsley
ready to serve served hot with ale already spoiled with parsley and with
mussels with shell
Give a greeting to the next recipe